Update ipfs-and-filecoin.md (#680)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: docs/about-filecoin/ipfs-and-filecoin.md

## Data storage incentives

> [IPFS](https://ipfs.io) allows users to store and transfer verifiable, content-addressed data in a peer-to-peer network. IPFS users usually persist the data they want **on their own IPFS nodes**. This is referred as [pinning](https://docs.ipfs.io/concepts/persistence). Sometimes the data may be pinned using a third-party pinning service, or through groups of individual IPFS users (like [IPFS Collaborative Clusters](https://collab.ipfscluster.io/)). The data exists in the network as long as one user is storing it and able to provide it to others when they request it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[IPFS](https://ipfs.io) allows users to store and transfer verifiable, content-addressed data in a peer-to-peer network. IPFS users usually persist the data they want **on their own IPFS nodes**. This is called [pinning](https://docs.ipfs.io/concepts/persistence). Sometimes the data may be pinned using a third-party pinning service or through groups of individual IPFS users (like [IPFS Collaborative Clusters](https://collab.ipfscluster.io/)). The data exists in the network as long as one user is storing it and can provide it to others when they request it.
```

IPFS alone does not include a built-in mechanism to incentivize the storage of data for _other_ people. This is the challenge Filecoin aims to solve. Filecoin is built on IPFS to create a distributed storage marketplace for long-term storage. Nodes with a large storage capacity can rent their storage to users and get paid for it.

> The Filecoin network ensures that data is safely stored. However, the processes of storing (sealing), verifying (proving) and unsealing (for retrieval) are computationally expensive and can take time. This is specially relevant for the retrieval of data, which should happen as fast as possible. For this reason, Filecoin enables an additional retrieval market where dedicated nodes can help quickly deliver content from the network for a payment by keeping unsealed, cached copies. This delivery mechanism may make use of IPFS, but is still in design (see [ResNetLab's Decentralized Data Delivery Market research](https://github.com/protocol/ResNetLab/blob/master/OPEN_PROBLEMS/DECENTRALIZED_DATA_DELIVERY_MARKETS.md)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Filecoin network ensures that data is safely stored. However, the processes of storing, verifying, and unsealing (referred to as sealing, proving, and retrieving, respectively) are computationally expensive and can take time. This is especially relevant for the retrieval of data, which should happen as fast as possible. For this reason, Filecoin enables an additional retrieval market where dedicated nodes can help quickly deliver content from the network for payment by keeping unsealed, cached copies. This delivery mechanism may make use of IPFS but is still in design. See [ResNetLab's Decentralized Data Delivery Market research](https://github.com/protocol/ResNetLab/blob/master/OPEN_PROBLEMS/DECENTRALIZED_DATA_DELIVERY_MARKETS.md) for more information on delivery mechanisms.
```

> Filecoin aims to add longer term persistence to safely store large batches of data, while IPFS optimizes for the quick retrieval and distribution of content.

Reviewer 2: yes, thanks

> Filecoin aims to add longer term persistence to safely store large batches of data, while IPFS optimizes for the quick retrieval and distribution of content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filecoin aims to add longer-term persistence to safely store large batches of data, while IPFS optimizes for the quick retrieval and distribution of content.
```

> ## Using IPFS and Filecoin

Reviewer 2: great retitling, will greatly improve on the confusion caused

> ### Content addressing with IPFS

Reviewer 2: +1

IPFS is great for getting started using content addressing for all sorts of distributed web applications. In the majority of these cases: 

> - Data is provided by user's own nodes. Otherwise must rely on other peers to voluntarily/altruistically storing data or on a centralized pinning service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Data is provided by the user's own nodes. Otherwise, must rely on other peers to voluntarily/altruistically storing data or on a centralized pinning service.
```

- Centralized IPFS pinning services must be trusted to do their job. IPFS brings no built-in provisions to verify that data is being stored and correctly provided by the pinning service.
- Popular content is more easily accessible. Popular content (with many providers) naturally becomes faster/easier to retrieve in IPFS, which is great when there are external incentives to sync and store data in multiple nodes, and for situation where strong social contracts can be used to ensure the content remains hosted and maintained long-term.

> ### Data persistence with Filecoin

Reviewer 2: +1

> Filecoin builds on the content addressing of IPFS to add longer term data persistence via cryptoeconomic incentives. With Filecoin: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filecoin builds on the content addressing of IPFS to add longer term data persistence using cryptoeconomic incentives. With Filecoin: 
```

- Clients make _storage deals_ with miners to store data. The network verifies that the miners are correctly storing the data. Small payments are made on a regular basis for the duration of the _storage deal_.
- Miners that do not honor the storage deal are penalised.
- Content retrieval might be offered by storage miners directly, or by specialized retrieval miners. The user requesting the data pays for this service.
- Filecoin excels at storing large amounts of data for long periods of time.

### Using IPFS and Filecoin together

> While using Filecoin does inherently use IPFS under the hood, many solutions also combine the two networks by backing up data on the Filecoin network and actively providing the data through the IPFS network. This ensures that data is constantly available and can be retrieved quickly, while also making sure that the data is safely and verifiably backed up on the Filecoin network over time. [Powergate](../build/powergate.md) is a multitiered file storage API built on Filecoin and IPFS, and an index builder for Filecoin data.

Reviewer 2: i think this paragraph is just messy and contributes to misinformation. it maybe should distinguish go-ipfs from IPFS

Reviewer 2: > actively providing the data through the IPFS network.

- "backing up data on Filecoin" means "providing data through IPFS network"
- though it does not mean "using the IPFS DHT for content routing using the provider record system"

Author: I actually wouldn't classify "backing up data to filecoin" as "providing data to the IPFS network" until there is a retrieval market/index that is accessible for data discovery - but agree it's rather confusing. Will iterate.

Author: ```suggestion
Many solutions combine the two networks to get the best of both worlds: IPFS for content addressing & data discovery, and Filecoin for longer-term persistence. To achieve this, many solutions like [Powergate](../build/powergate.md) back up data on the Filecoin network while also ensuring content is discoverable in the IPFS Public DHT. This ensures that data is constantly available and can be retrieved quickly, while also making sure that the data is safely and verifiably backed up on the Filecoin network over time.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many solutions combine the two networks to get the best of both worlds: IPFS for content addressing & data discovery, and Filecoin for longer-term persistence. To achieve this, services like [Powergate](../build/powergate.md) back up data on the Filecoin network while also ensuring content is discoverable in the IPFS Public DHT. Data is constantly available and can be retrieved quickly, while also making sure that it is safely and verifiably backed up on the Filecoin network over time.
```
